c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\Application.Common.pdb
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\IS_Pro.Common.xml
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\Microsoft.LightSwitch.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\System.ComponentModel.Composition.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\System.ComponentModel.Composition.xml
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\Microsoft.LightSwitch.xml
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\de\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\es\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\fr\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\it\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ja\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ko\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ru\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\zh-Hans\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\zh-Hant\System.ComponentModel.Composition.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ar\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\bg\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ca\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\cs\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\da\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\de\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\el\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\es\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\et\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\eu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\fi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\fr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\he\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\hr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\hu\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\id\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\it\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ja\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ko\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\lt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\lv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ms\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\nl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\no\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\pl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\pt\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\pt-BR\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ro\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\ru\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\sk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\sl\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\sr-Cyrl-CS\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\sr-Latn-CS\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\sv\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\th\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\tr\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\uk\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\vi\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.LightSwitch.resources.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\obj\Debug\Common.vbprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.dll
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\obj\Debug\IS_Pro.Common.xml
c:\users\omar\documents\visual studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\obj\Debug\Application.Common.pdb
C:\Users\omar\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\IS Pro\IS Pro\Common\bin\LSCommonCodeGeneratorsTask.mcs
